website/docs: cleanup 07-12: polish endpoint device guidance (#23968)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/endpoint-devices/authentik-agent/device-authentication/local-device-login/linux.md

## Configure device access

> Local device login requires the authenticating user to have access to the device. [Device access groups](../device-access-groups.mdx) always control access. On Enterprise, direct device bindings for users, groups, or policies also affect access. Without an appropriately configured device access group or direct binding, **all login attempts are denied**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Local device login requires the authenticating user to have access to the device. Access is controlled via [device access groups](../device-access-groups.mdx), which always apply. On Enterprise, direct device bindings for users, groups, or policies also affect access. Without an appropriately configured device access group or direct binding, **all login attempts are denied**.
```
